# CS320-Module8

  There are many ways to ensure that your program is both functional and secure. You should use unit tests to ensure that your code is executing as you expected as you write the code. You may also use something called "Infinitest" which will allow you to run your tests in an infinite loop. This will allow you to continuously test your program as you write it. You may also want to perform static testing. This will force you to manually review your code. This is especially important when you are the one both writing and testing your code. If you are the one writing the code that you will also be testing, you know the code better than anyone else so you will more easily pick up on certain errors. 
  
  One way to properly interpret user needs is to take the requirements and put them into a bulleted list. By putting them into a bulleted list, you are able to more easily determine exactly what the requirements are, order them in terms of importance, and check them off as you meet those requirements. 
  
  I approach designing software in a very dynamic way. I tend to compile, run, and test my code as I write it. The same concept applies to writing tests. I tend to write tests so that they give me complete code coverage. If a test does not give me 100% coverage, I will edit the test to do so. I may also take a look at the classes being tested and make changes in the methods and attributes to ensure that they are not only sound but also testable with 100% code coverage. 
